`sorting-room`: Implement exercise to teach about `type-conversion` and `type-assertion` (#1723)
exercism/go: exercises/concept/sorting-room/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

Jen is working in the sorting room in a large factory.
The sorting room needs to process anything that comes into it by categorizing it with a label.

> She needs a program to help her with the sorting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jen is responsible for things that were pre-categorized as numbers and needs a program to help her with the sorting.
```
